the votes have been counted and verified
and I can now reveal the Strictly Come
Dancing champions 2012 are
listen
you to crew
yeah be a teacher and you're beautiful
how do you feel of this moment I just I
don't think we can believe it it's just
I can't believe that we are here and
it's just want to say thank you for
showing your amazing talent and skill
and nobility with me
I mean they're both very different but I
can finally say I won something here
she's been unbelievable she really has
she's she's the nicest person I've ever
met she was she's so patient she's
unbelievable
Jimmy Tarbuck
I'll always like Louis are you gonna
keep dancing you have tea I have to know
you could be a pro or you know the wrong
value I said earlier where's the show
dancer guaranteed on the gymnast I have
great pleasure education Louis and
Flavio
this is